🪐 Move to Project Jupyter (#23)
jupyter-book/myst-enhancement-proposals: strategy.md

- **Formal without being oppressive**. Provide slightly more structure than our organizational policy, to account for the fact that MEPs have many more stakeholders and decision-makers. However keep it as simple as possible to avoid overly-complex discussion that leads to frustrating and inefficient decision-making.
- **Make the process inclusive**. Ensure a process for discussion and deciding that is inclusive and that encourages productive discussion from many parts of the project.
- **Make the process efficient**. Ensure that there is enough information, and with the right structure, to have focused asynchronous discussion that leads to a decision-making cadence that is sustainable for the project.

> - **Design for many stakeholders**. Ensure that the specification evolves in a way that benefits our major stakeholders, and that is not unintentionally over-fit to the perspective of only a subset of the JupyterBooks community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Design for many stakeholders**. Ensure that the specification evolves in a way that benefits our major stakeholders, and that is not unintentionally over-fit to the perspective of only a subset of the Jupyter Book community.
```
